and David said in his heart
now I shall perish someday by the hand
of Saul there is nothing better for me
then that I should speedily escape to
the land of the Philistines and Saul
with despair of me to seek me anymore in
any part of Israel so I shall escape out
of his hand
[Music]
then David arose and went over with the
six hundred men who were with him to a
Koosh the son of mayic king of Gath so
David dwelt with a Koosh at gaff he and
his men each man with his household and
David with his two wives a Hinnom the
jezreelite as' and Abigail the car
mellitus navels widow and it was told
sole that David had fled to Gath
so he sought him no more then David said
to a Koosh if I have now found favor in
your eyes let them give me a place in
some town in the country that I might
dwell there for why should your servant
dwell in the Royal City with you
so a Koosh gave him Ziklag that day
therefore Ziklag has belonged to the
kings of judah to this day now the time
that David dwelt in the country of the
Philistines was one full year and four
months
and David and his men went up and raided
the Geshe ranks the ger sites and the
Amalekites for those nations were the
inhabitants of the land from of old as
you go - sure even as far as the land of
Egypt never David attacked the land he
left neither man nor woman alive but
took away the sheep the oxen the donkeys
the camels and the apparel and returned
and came to a Koosh then a Koosh would
say where have you made a raid today and
David would say against the southern
area of Judah or against the southern
area of the Jeremy alights were against
the southern area of the Kenites David
were saved neither man nor woman alive
to bring news to Gath saying lest they
should inform on our saying thus David
did and thus was his behavior all the
time he dwelt in the country of the
Philistines
so a Koosh believed David he has made
his people Israel utterly abhor him
therefore he will be my servant forever
you